List of Programs in this suite

GENERAL
01. Area and circumference of circle
02. Simple interest calculation
03. Sum of the first 20 odd numbers
04. Swap Two Numbers using call by Value Method 
05. Voting eligibility calculation with age
06. Checking character whether it is a vowel or not
07. CHecking number whether even or odd
08. Factorial of a given number
09. Write a Program to print the count of even numbers between 1 and 200.Also print their sum
10. Write a Program to  calculate the average of first n numbers
11. Write a Program to Print reverse  of a number
12. Write a program to print the multiplication table
13. Write a function that receives an array and its size, and returns the second largest element.
Write a program to calculate salary of an employee,, given his basic pay (to be entered by user),HRA= 10% of the basic pay,TA= 5% of basic pay.Define HRA and TA as Constant and use them to calculate the salary of the employee

. C program to print the sum of integers passed as command line arguments

ARRAYS & STRINGS
10. Store and display the elements of an array
11. String palindrome checking
12. Converting a string to uppercase or lowercase
13. Find the largest and smallest element in an array
14. Store and display student grades in an array
15. Matrix multiplication 
16. Transpose a matrix
Write a Program to find the Sum of all Elements in 3D array.
Write a program to count digits, alphabets, and special characters in a string.
Write a program to insert a number in an array that is already sorted in ascending order.

USER-DEFINED FUNCTIONS
17. Function to check if a given number is prime or composite
18. Sum and average of two integer Numbers using User Define Functions
19. Reverse a string using user-defined function
20. Length of a given string using user-defined function
21. Solve the Quadratic equation (ax2 + bx + c = d)
22. Printing the Fibonacci sequence up to a user input number
23. Power of a number using recursion
Write a program to find biggest of three integers using functions.

POINTERS & DYNAMIC MEMORY ALLOCATION
24. Swap Two Numbers using call by Reference Method
25. Array of pointers and performing operations on it.
26. Pointer arithmetic operations - Demonstration
27. Find the maximum element in an array using pointers.
28. Dynamically allocate memory for strings and performing operation on them.
29. Dynamicallic memory delocation allocated using malloc() or calloc().
Write a Program to Access Array Elements Using Pointers.

STRUCTURES AND UNION
30. Store and display a union of student and employee information.
31. Store and display date (day, month, year) using structures.
Create a structure for employee with name, id, salary. Write a program to display the employee with the highest salary.
Using a union, store either date (dd, mm, yyyy) or time (hh, mm, ss) and display based on user choice.
Write a Program to enter two points and then calculate the distance between them using Structure

PATTERNS

32. Pattern

*
* *
* * *
* * * *
* * *
* *
*

33. Pattern

   A
  B B
 C C C
D D D D


Ideas:
b)Create a C program to store and display transaction records (date, amount, description) in sequential file.

Define a structure called book with book name, author name and price. Write a C program t o read the details obook 
